DEEP SPACE: D-6

You are the Captain of the USS Crypsis - a RPTR
class starship on routine patrol of the Aubonre
system when a distress call was received. Upon
warping in you nuicklyrealize it was a (rag’ thh
the hep ot your crew you must survive until a
rescue tieet appears

Deep Space D-6 is a solitaire dice game about
survival in uncharted deep space Each turn yuu‘H
reii Crew dice and assign them te a statien er
missien Van must deai with intemai and externai
threats te yeur ship Sunve te win

Gael

Te win, yeu must survive by destreying aii extemai
threats in the threat deck

(cmpcnents

1 Ship Beard

6 Crew Dice

1 Threat Die

1i1u11Trackercubeteray amm eibe)

1 Shieid Tracker cube (Green amm cube)
as Threat cards

Setup

1 Piace the beard inthe middie etthe piaying
area Piace the NIH trackeren aenthe HuH track
Piace the Shieid trackeren 4 en the Shieid track

2 Shuttie the Threat Deck and piace itabeve
the Ship beard

3 Draw 2 Threat cards and piace them in their
eerrespending areas

Van are new ready te beginI Each reund yeu wiii
perterm the teiiewing steps

1. Roll Crew Dice
2. Scan tchhreets

3. Assign C rew

4. Discover new threats
5. Activate threats

5. Gather up crew

 

The Ship

This is your ship it tracks the ship's status as well
as threats and crewrnernbers

 

 

 

Hull Track . Represents the eenditien et yeur
ship it this track reaches a, yeu 1ese the game

shield Track . Damage te yeur ship aiways
gees te the shieids hrst

9 Scanners . Piace anyu thatyeu reiied here
When aii spets are tiiied, immediateiy draw a
new threatcard

Damage Track . Piace External Threats aieng
the Damage Track Meve them dewmvards as
they receive damage When they meve eti the
beard, they are discarded

Crew stations . Piace yeur Crew Dice in these
1ecatiens te perterm their actiens (see c r e u)

Inﬁrmary . Crew Dice in the intirmary sectien
are unavaiiabie They wiii net be gathered in step
6 Use Medicai te return them te yeur peei

0 Threats » Threats attempt te desttey yeur
ship. (See Threats)

Internal ThreatZune Piace lntemal Threats en
this side et the beard

 

The Crew and Stations

Crew Dice represent your crew and available
actions Stations can be acavaled any number of
arnes as long as you have the available crew

Commanders . Change anetherCrew Diete
any side et yeur cheice A Cemniander may
change anetherCemmander 0r TarmH aii Crew
Dice that have net yet been assigned in Step 3

Tactical . Fire at any Externai Threats The tetai
damage depends en the number e1 Tacticai
crew dice assigned Van may spiit up the
damage acress muitipie targets Meve Externai
Threats dewn the damage track te indicate
damage deait

 

Medical . Return an crew trem the inhrmary
back inte yeuravaiiabie peei 0r return a Threat
die that has been 1ecked in the Scanners

the Stasis Bearn Piace a Science die en a
threat This threatcannet activate during the
next Threat Activatien phase Return this die
during the Gather Phase

Engineeringc Repairthe MN The tetai ameunt
repaired depends en the numberet Engineering
crew dice assigned

Threat Detected! . When reiied, immediateiy
piace these dice in the Scanner When aii spets
are tiiied, immediateiy draw and piace a new
threatcard (These dice are unavaiiabie untii
Step 6)

Crew can be assigned te a threat even it deing se

weuid net resuit in a eempieted threat This is dene te

“\ucksin" yeur crew dice se they wiii stay the same en

subseguent reunds Eerexampie

- ScienceV Rediarge shieids te maximum Orhre

 

The intemai threat nine warp .mmm

reguires 2 Science crew te E
eempiete it yeu eniy reiied 1 Nmaﬁﬂm‘
Science crew this reund, yeu may eseee
assign it te the Time Warp card, 99

 

saving itter next reund

0n subseguent reunds, yeu may assign anether
Science crew die te Time Warp in erderte eempiete
the threat 'Crew 1ecked te a threat in this manner

may be recaiied during step e

 

Threats

There are two types otthreats Extenral V

and internal I Extenral threats typically cause
hull damage to your ship while internal threats
typically create adverse etTects tor your ship and
your crew

I maea
E1

mam

   

0 starting HeallhsWhen drawn, piaee the
Threat aieng the damage track at its starting
vaiue As threats take damage, meve them
dewn the Damage Track At a Heaith, the
threat is destreyed Discard this card

Activation Value . Indicates when the threat
wiii activate When the Threatdie is reiied,a11

Threats matching the Threat die tace is
activated

9 Effect When activated, this is the ettect that
wiii eccur

0 Away Missiuru aAH Internai Threats and
seme Externai Threats have the eptien te
perterm an Away Missien it a card has Crew
symbeis en the bettem right, yeu may assign
crew te these threats in erderte eempiete
Once eempiete, meve aii dice used te the
Returned Seeien e1 the beard

Special Threats:
mstraeted . as soon as this card is reyeaied piaeea
crew de on tie 75paCe This urit is unavaiiabie untii
this threat is activated or eornpieted

Timewarps athreat can never exceed its staning
hearth vaiue

Nebula 4s iong as this card is in piay you may not
use or recharge shieids oiee destroyed return the
shieid tracker to postioh a

Boost Morale a. Friendly Flms lfa Cam‘s etiect is not
possibie when activated the card does nothing and is
simpiy discarded

 

Playing the Game

Deep Space 076 takes place over a series ot
rounds Each mund consists otthe tollowing steps

I. Rull available Crew nice »Re11a11avai1ab1e eew

Any 0 that are reiied are immediateiy 1ecked inte
the Scanners

2. Scantor Threats »Check Scanners Eerevery
three Detected Threat ieens, draw a new threat card
and piace these dice aside (These dice beeeme
reset) Any remaining Detected Threats wiii stay
there untii they are remeved by a scan

3. Ass n CrewVAssign yeur Crew dice te Statiens
er Away Missiens and immediateiy reseive the
actiens it pessibie Van may assign crew in anyerder
yeu wish it is pessibie ter crew te remain
unassigned

4. Discover new threats . Draw a newthreat card
internai Threats are piaced en the en side e1 the
ship beard Externai Threats are piaced en the right
e1 the ship beard aieng the damage track that
matches the starting heaith vaiue et the threat

5. Activate threats » Reii the Threat Die Activate aii
threats that match the taee et the Threat Die Threats
are activated trem tep te bettem starting with aii
internai Threats, then Externai Threats Damage te
the Ship aiways gees te the Shieid tirst it yeur Ship‘s
HuH reaches a, yeur ship is destreyed and yeu 1ese

5. Gather up crew . Return yeurassigned crew and
resetdice back te yeuravaiiabie peei Crew in the
intirmary, Scanners, er Distracted threats are net
gathered Van may cheese te gather Crew en Away
Missiens it yeu are unabie te gatherany Crew Dice,
yeur crew is eensidered incapacitated and yeu
immediateiy 1ese the game

Atter eempietng these steps, a new reund
begins Return te step1

winning
When yeu get te step 4, yeu win it

1 There are ne mere cards ter yeu te draw
2 A11 externai threats have been destreyed

 

Example cf Play

Captain Niven‘s ship is at 5 Huii and u shieids An
enemy Assauit Cruiser has been detected

He reiis his crew dice, immediateiy setting the
Detected Threat inte the scanners

T Q]
He hrst assigns the Medic te return the Detected
Threat He then assigns the Cemniander and

cheeses in change ene et the Tacticai dice te a
Science die

 

A sycwu

IQ]

Assigning the Seence die aiiews him te tuiiy
recharge the shieids The ship‘s shieids are new at
4,the maximum

Assigning the MN '

Tacticai Dice 1ets

   

Niven deai a peints
e1 damage te the
Cruiser, meving it
dewn the damage
tack

   

At this perm, ne mere crew can be
assigned He draws a new Threat
card reveaiing the internai Threat
Panderlm: He piaces this threat
en the en side et the beard

 

The Threat die is new reiied The resuitis E}
activating the Cruiserand deing .2 MIN damage
which is tirstappiied te the Shieids,additiena11ythe
Pandemic sends a crew die te the intirrnary

The ship is new at 5 MIN and2 Shieids

During the gather step, Niven is eniy abie te gather 5
ethis crew because ene is stuck inthe intirniary 0n
subseguent reunds, he wiii eniy re115 Crew Dice
untii he uses a Medimi Die te reeeverthe weunded
crew in the inhrmary

